hey guys what's a partner greater here
and today i'm bringing you guys another
GTA 5 video but first before we get into
this video please click the like button
also hop over to my channel subscribe
for more daily GTA 5 videos the link is
in the description or you guys can click
the annotation on the screen now let's
get right into this so the first thing
is guys you want to go on the internet
on your phone and you want to go down to
legendary motorsport and you want to
purchase the adder now after you
purchase the adder guys you want to make
sure that you have 10 cars in your
garage so after you have 10 cars in the
garage you want to get in for you want
to have a friend for this so your friend
needs to stay in the garage the whole
time so after you purchase that on all
that good stuff and after your adder
arrives to your garage you want to go to
the xbox games store and also guys make
sure your spawn location is on property
so after you're at the game store you
want your friend to invite you back to
the game so after you join the game bank
guys all you want to do is you want to
go in your garage where your friend is
and your car should have duplicated now
if you duplicate a car has duplicated
you want to take that car too low santos
customs now guys make sure your friend
stays in your garage the whole entire
video now after this guy's after you get
to Los Santos customs you want to sell
it and as soon as you sell it you want
to press start and go over to the xbox
games store and you want to go into the
game store now after you go into the
game store guys all you want to do is
you want to have your friend invite you
back to the game store earth back to the
game so I have to get back to the game
you won't spawn at your house you'll
spawn outside of Los Santos customs so
all you want to do it for that guy's is
you want to call your mechanic up and
you want to get another and you want to
have your mechanic bring you another
adder now if you brings you another
adder you want to take that adder back
in the low santos customs guys and you
will see that you will be able to sell
this adder as well so that means you can
sell that means you can sell the first
adder and you've sold the second adder
now after you sell this second adder all
you have to do is you want to as soon as
you sell it again you want to go to the
game store and have your friend keep
inviting you and make sure he stays in
the garage the whole time now if you
want to keep repeating this just by an
adder and redo and reduplicate it and
then do the same process over and over
thanks guys for watching really hope you
enjoy this please leave a like if it
helped you comment below if you have any
questions get me to 500 subs if I
haven't hit it already now we'll see you
guys next time
peace out start out small then work your
way up and keep your chin up when the
day comes and I'm sporting a smile when
you see me wake up cuz i know i got life
and the only comes once now we dive for
this and I mean it love this shit
believe I ain't leavin and this is
something money can't buy white boys
can't jump but I'm ready to fly
you